I stayed at Acme for 4 nights in late May, 2013. The cute little hotel was quite a surprise. I loved the decor and how friendly and cozy it felt. On my 3rd night the automatic lock on our room door refused to open. I went to the desk and they sent up a man who could not fix it. I had to wait for one hour in the lobby while someone from another property came in to attempt a repair. Alas, it was not to be fixed. They #1 gave my party free coupons for breakfast the next morning and #2 upgraded me to a suite. The suite was perfect and the breakfast tasty. I would HIGHLY recommend Acme Hotel to anyone who was looking for a quiet, unassuming little boutique hotel in the loop. You'll save some $$$ over the big hotels and you'll really enjoy your stay. Nice workout room and spa in basement.

This hotel is so good. Great hotel. I had a suite and loved every minute of my stay. Close to everything. Service was great. The architecture and designs are stunning! Staying here greatly improved and enhanced my trip. Gorgeous and worth it.

This review is a little overdue. I stayed at the aloft the week it opened and had a great experience. The staff was incredibly helpful, some of the best hotel staff of any Starwood I've stayed at. The location is perfect in river north, and the hotel itself is one of the better alofts that I've stayed at. It's a shame that someone reviewed this place 1 star because they don't like the concept behind the chain. Sure, its tough to stay here for more than a few days on business because do the closet layout, and the materials are definitely on the cheaper end. I personally love that everything is easy and functional, down to the wall mounted shampoo dispenser (much better than screwing around with silly travel bottles.) What really sets the aloft apart is the energy that you feel from the moment you step into the lobby all the way up until you go to bed. It's like they took everything fun about an upscale European hostel and added the comfort of a modern hotel.

This is a great, funky hotel in the heart of downtown. Who would stay at a boring Hilton or Marriott? This place is cool. The Berkshire Room is great at too.

If you're looking for a fabulous place to have your wedding reception, look no further! The warmth of the staff and the talent and expertise of the Director of Catering, KT, is phenomenal...not to mention the amazing ballroom which makes for beautiful pictures! We couldn't have picked a better place to celebrate our marriage with family and friends. From beginning to end, communication, planning and execution was excellent! I highly recommend staying at the Allegro if you are intending to stay in Chicago for a few nights. The staff is warm and friendly and the rooms are beautiful and clean! Plus, the building itself has interesting history which can be seen in some preserved hotel decor.

I almost wish Starwood was my primary hotel as I would stay here every time I was in Chicago. ?The location is great with plenty around and many food options. The staff was very friendly and had my checked in no time. ?I was on the 10th floor and had a pretty good view of the city. ?The weight room was well appointed and had everything needed. ? The room was fresh, modern and very clean. ?I love the shower and that its not a typical boring hotel shower. ?The restaurant downstairs put on a good breakfast and had several local beers to choose from. ? No complaints here, a great hotel in the city.
